Instructions for Level Building in the Suit Em Up (Name not final)

from the folder SuitEmUp_Basev2 open rec/Levels/Tst.txt
(or use the shortcut in this folder, whatever)

in the file you will find a number of lines 
 there are several important command to remember when building a level:
 (Unless marked with a "*" these values must be filled in, 
 values marked with a "!" means that you need to enter it just as it 
 is written here (barring the "!") for the desired effect.

Wall! XPosition YPosition Angle Height
 Places a wall vertex point in a specific position 
 this vertex point will be linked to the next one and so forth 
 so remember to put them in the right order.
 Angle and Height does not have to be defined, 
 if they're not defined they will be reverted to 0 by default.
 For more info on Angle and Height speak with Sky...

Enemy! PositionX PositionY AggroRange AttackRange
 Places an enemy in the level. At the moment you cannot actually engage 
 real combat so you'll have to pretend that an epic battle is going on.
 AggroRange and AttackRange will change those values. At the moment you
 have to enter those two because there is no set standard if you would like 
 this to be changed please speak to me or any of the other coders and we
 should be able to help.
 We only have 1 type of enemy at the moment, we will add more later.

Player! PositionX PositionY
 [Work In Progress]
 Doesn't work yet. Player always starts at the coordinates (0, 0)
 ...sorry about that.

#!
 the "#" symbol will make that specific line a comment and thus cause it 
 to be ignored by the level builder.
 Make sure that you always place your comments behind one of these!!
 (If you do not use these well the game could very well crash from weird input)

Once you've built your level start the game using the shortcut in this folder.

While playing you can reload the level by pressing "R"

Warning: Only press "R" quickly, never hold it in
 as pressing it too much will cause the game to lag extensively

Note: Before reloading the level make sure that you save the changes in Tst.txt

If you have any other questions contact me, Hampus or Jokke over Skype

Good Luck :D

\Martin/